Welcome back.
Databases exist for us to store data that persists.
That is data that hopefully lasts for as long as we want it so we can analyze the data.
Maybe we can grab it when we need it.
And that's what databases do and most of the time when you're working with web development you have
the front end that focuses on the browser side of things.
So that is the CSA s the javascript the HMO.
We have the backend which is usually the server side where we can use things like Python flask Django
to build a server and then we also have this database side in the backend where the server communicates
with something like Mongo D.B. a type of database to actually store this information.
So instead of storing that information on an Excel file like we have been we can store it on an actual
database which gives us a lot more power.
Now again this isn't a course about databases so we don't need to fully go into the topic.
If I go back to server dot pie in the submit form I want to wrap this in a try except block just so
we can catch errors in a better way.
So after the post I'll do a try block and we'll just indent this and we'll also do a except here
and in here we'll just return if there's an error something or let's just say did not save to database
so that as we're testing this out we know if something wrong has happened in our case we're going to
check for the post.
If it's not a post method then we have an else condition that's going to return something where I'm
wrong.
Try again and then we are going to try this piece of code.
Otherwise we're going to return did not save to database.